### -- Dawid Perkowski

### --File: .CH 19 C#

1. What is an enumerable collection?
- Enumerable collection is one that implements the systems.collections.IEnumerable interface

2. What properties and methods does the IEnumerable interface contain?

- IEnumerable interface contains a single method called GetEnumerator
  IEnumerator GetEnumerator();

3. What properties and methods does the IEnumerator interface contain?
   - void Reset();  , object Current { get; } , bool MoveNext();
4. What values does the MoveNext() method return? What does it do?

- you call the MoveNext method to move the pointer down to the next (first) item in
  the list; the MoveNext method should return true if there actually is another item and false if there isn’t.

5. What values does the Reset() method return? What does it do?

- Reset method to return the pointer back to before the first item in the list.

6. Are IEnumerable and IEnumerator type safe? Why or why not? If not, how do you implement type
   safety?

- IEnumerator interface exhibits no , type-safe behavior in that it returns an object rather than a specific type


7. Why don't recursive methods retain state when used with data structures like binary trees?

- When you call a recursive method in calls and remebers only one value , therfore only computeing one value at a time.

8. How do you define an enumerator?

- Implement MoveNext Current++ and Reset 

9. What is an iterator?

- Iterator is a block of code that yields an ordered sequence of values. An iterator is not actually
  a member of an enumerable class; rather, it specifies the sequence that an enumerator should use
  for returning its values

10. What does yield do?

- The yield keyword performs custom and stateful iteration and returns each element of a collection one at a time sans the need of creating temporary collections

