### -- Dawid Perkowski

### --File: .CH 21 C#

1. What is the difference in the purposes of SQL and LINQ? In other words, why do we need two different query languages? Does LINQ replace SQL? Does SQL make LINQ unnecesary?
- The main difference is SQL is RDBMS and LINQ is a Microsoft .NET framework and .NET language.

2. What is the one essential requirement for the datastructures used with LINQ? Why is this requirement important?

- One essential requirment for LINQ would be using .NET Core, getenumerator 

3.  Were does the LINQ Select() method live? 
   - Select method is actually another method that takes a row from the *customers* array and returns the selected data from that row, you can retrieve specific data from the array. System.LINQ namespace
4. (Select) Explain, token by token, each token in this line of code: IEnumerable customerFirstNames = customers.Select(cust => cust.FirstName);

- It will retrieve the first name from the record.

5.  (Filter) Explain, token by token, each token in this line of code: IEnumerable usCompanies = addresses.Where(addr => String.Equals(addr.Country, "United States")).Select(usComp => usComp.CompanyName);

- It Filters the company name in the united states table.

6.  . (OrderBy) Explain, token by token, each token in this line of code: IEnumerable companyNames = addresses.OrderBy(addr => addr.CompanyName).Select(comp => comp.CompanyName);

- You use the Join method to join the data identified by the *Select* method with another enumerable collection.


7. (Group) Explain, token by token, each token in this line of code: var companiesGroupedByCountry = addresses.GroupBy(addrs => addrs.Country);

- You use the Join method to join the data identified by the *Select* method with another enumerable collection.

8. . (Distinct) Explain, token by token, each token in this line of code: int numberOfCountries = addresses.Select(addr => addr.Country).Distinct().Count();

- You use the Join method to join the data identified by the *Select* method with another enumerable collection.

9. . (Join) Explain, token by token, each token in this line of code: var companiesAndCustomers = customers.Select(c => new { c.FirstName, c.LastName, c.CompanyName }).Join(addresses, custs => custs.CompanyName, addrs => addrs.CompanyName, (custs, addrs) => new {custs.FirstName, custs.LastName, addrs.Country });
   - You use the Join method to join the data identified by the *Select* method with another enumerable collection.
10. Explain the difference between a deferred collection and a static, cached collection
    - A deferred collection can be modified while the static is not changed hence it is static.

